>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
what I would like for you to do now,
is I would like you to
take like 15 minutes, and
what I would like for you to do,
I would like for you to look at
>> Jen Kramer: the web page here.
At the common CSS properties and
values, I'd like you to go on ahead and
just sort of glance through this.
>> Jen Kramer: See if there's something
in here that you'd like to try out,
changing colors of text, for example,
changing, turning on and off underlines.
Just take a look at some of these
basic sort of CSS styling here.
And I'd like you to go on ahead and
just continue styling your document.
Go on ahead and aim to write about
at least five or six styles.
Okay?
And those can be those HTML elements.
They can be classes that
are exceptions to the rule.
Go ahead and write a few of those and
get familiar with that.
Apply them in your HTML.
Take about 15 minutes to go on ahead and
do that and
make this page look prettier in some way,
alright?